docs: update readme file (#131)
django-cms/djangocms-picture: README.rst

would produce a ``class="align-top"``. Adding a ``class`` key to the image
attributes automatically merges the alignment with the attribute class.

> As per the choice use multiple alignment style options with ``DJANGOCMS_PICTURE_ALIGN``, for example::
> must have to align image with multiple styles such as left, right or center as well as float image and verticle align image.
> 
>     DJANGOCMS_PICTURE_ALIGN = [        
>         ('left', _('Align left')),
>         ('right', _('Align right')),
>         ('center', _('Align center')),
>         #image-float align option
>         ("start", _("Float left")),            
>         ("end", _("Float right")),
>         #verticle-align option
>         ('top', _('Align top')),
>         ('middle', _('Align middle')),
>         ('bottom', _('Align Bottom')),
>         ('baseline', _('Align baseline')),           
>     ]
> 
> This will generate a class prefixed with ``align-``. For left align option the above example would produce a ``class="align-left"``. Adding a ``class`` key to the image attributes automatically merges the alignment with the attribute class.
> It works same for others align options.
> For this refer https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.2/content/images/#aligning-images for css styles.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an improved version of the snippet:

When using the `DJANGOCMS_PICTURE_ALIGN` setting, you have the flexibility to align images in various styles, such as left, right, or center, as well as to float images and vertically align them. You can customize these alignment options as follows::

    DJANGOCMS_PICTURE_ALIGN = [        
        ('left', _('Align left')),
        ('right', _('Align right')),
        ('center', _('Align center')),
        # Image float alignment options
        ("start", _("Float left")),            
        ("end", _("Float right")),
        # Vertical alignment options
        ('top', _('Align top')),
        ('middle', _('Align middle')),
        ('bottom', _('Align Bottom')),
        ('baseline', _('Align baseline')),           
    ]

This configuration will generate a CSS class prefixed with ``align-``. For example, when selecting the left align option, it will produce a class attribute like ``class="align-left"`` for the image. You can apply these classes to your image attributes, and they will automatically handle the alignment.

These alignment options are consistent with `Bootstrap's image alignment styles <https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.3/content/images/#aligning-images>`_, however, **you have to provide your own CSS styles for the alignment options**, be it through Bootstrap or otherwise.
```
